Fix epoch for exit to latest fork (#163)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/quickstart/quickstart-alone.md

  - Voluntary exists require an epoch after which they take effect.
  - All VCs need to sign and submit the exact same messages (epoch) in DVT.
  - `--epoch=1` would be ideal, since all chains have that epoch in the past, so the validator should exit immediately.

>   - `compose-voluntary-exit.yml` is configured with `--epoch=162304` which is the latest Bellatrix fork on Prater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `compose-voluntary-exit.yml` is configured with `--epoch=162304` which is the latest Capella fork on the Prater network.
```
same as above
